README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/sssurvey/reader/blob/develop/readmeRes/read_banner.png?raw=true" alt="add source screenshot with half dark mode" height="200 px" style="margin:0px 10px"/>
</p>

# Reader

The reader application is a client application for the website <https://theoldreader.com>. Currently the app version is ```v0.4.5``` and you can see all your subscription list, and read articles with it.

<div>
<table align="center">
	<tr>
		<th style="padding: 5px 20px 5px 5px;">
    		<img src="https://github.com/sssurvey/reader/blob/documentation-better-read-me/readmeRes/sources_list.png?raw=true" alt="source list screenshot with half dark mode" height="400px" style="margin:0px 50px"/>
		</th>
		<th style="padding: 5px 20px 5px 5px;">
    		<img src="https://github.com/sssurvey/reader/blob/documentation-better-read-me/readmeRes/add_articles.png?raw=true" alt="add source screenshot with half dark mode" height="400px" style="margin:0px 50px"/>
		</th>
		<th style="padding: 5px 20px 5px 5px;">
    		<img src="https://github.com/sssurvey/reader/blob/develop/readmeRes/article_details.png?raw=true" alt="read article details webview" height="400px" style="margin:0px 50px"/>
		</th>
	</tr>
</table>
</div>

The application is written in 100% ```Kotlin``` and is utilizing the library:

- Retrofit 2: For the communication with The Old Reader API
- RxJava 2: For concurrency
- Hilt: For dependency Injection
- Room database: For offline reading

The Reader application will be made open source:

[![Open Source Love svg1](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg?v=103)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badges/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD%202--Clause-orange.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause)

[![Download From Play Store](https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/static/images/badges/en_badge_web_generic.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.haomins.reader2)

Commit message:

ISSUE-193: added a git pre-push hook to run all unittest
Added a new gradle task called `start`, this gradle task will then
called the custom `setupGitHooks` task to config the git to use
the pre-push hook defined uner the `.githook` dir. New developer
should always run `./gradlew start` when working on this project.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/sssurvey/reader/blob/develop/readmeRes/read_banner.png?raw=true" alt="add source screenshot with half dark mode" height="200 px" style="margin:0px 10px"/>
</p>

# Reader

The reader application is a client application for the website <https://theoldreader.com>. Currently the app version is ```v0.4.5``` and you can see all your subscription list, and read articles with it.

<div>
<table align="center">
	<tr>
		<th style="padding: 5px 20px 5px 5px;">
    		<img src="https://github.com/sssurvey/reader/blob/documentation-better-read-me/readmeRes/sources_list.png?raw=true" alt="source list screenshot with half dark mode" height="400px" style="margin:0px 50px"/>
		</th>
		<th style="padding: 5px 20px 5px 5px;">
    		<img src="https://github.com/sssurvey/reader/blob/documentation-better-read-me/readmeRes/add_articles.png?raw=true" alt="add source screenshot with half dark mode" height="400px" style="margin:0px 50px"/>
		</th>
		<th style="padding: 5px 20px 5px 5px;">
    		<img src="https://github.com/sssurvey/reader/blob/develop/readmeRes/article_details.png?raw=true" alt="read article details webview" height="400px" style="margin:0px 50px"/>
		</th>
	</tr>
</table>
</div>

The application is written in 100% ```Kotlin``` and is utilizing the library:

- Retrofit 2: For the communication with The Old Reader API
- RxJava 2: For concurrency
- Hilt: For dependency Injection
- Room database: For offline reading

# Setup

You should run `./gradlew start` to config the project before developing.

# More

The Reader application will be made open source:

[![Open Source Love svg1](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg?v=103)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badges/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD%202--Clause-orange.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause)

[![Download From Play Store](https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/static/images/badges/en_badge_web_generic.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.haomins.reader2)
